
NCAR SPECTRAL TOOLKIT LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT!

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("LICENSE") CAREFULLY BEFORE
DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE. BY CLICKING THE AGREE BUTTON OR DOWNLOADING OR
USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOMING A PARTY
TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF
THIS LICENSE, THE BUTTON INDICATING YOU DISAGREE MUST BE SELECTED, AND
YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO DOWNLOAD ORUSE THIS SOFTWARE.


1. License. This is a license to use the NCAR Spectral Toolkit (the
"Software"). The Software which is downloaded with and accompanies this
License, is licensed, not sold, to you on a personal, nonexclusive basis
by the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research ("UCAR"). YOU OWN
THE MEDIA ON WHICH THE SOFTWARE IS RECORDED BUT UCAR RETAINS TITLE TO
THE SOFTWARE.


2. Permitted Uses and Restrictions. This License allows you to use the
Software and any associated documentation for any lawful purpose;
provided, however, that you do not sell, or license or transfer for a
fee, the Software, or any work that in any manner contains the Software.
If you make modifications or changes to the Software, or derivative
works that incorporate or utilize the Software, you must cause the files
modified to carry prominent notices stating that you changed the files
and the date of the change.  You must also transfer such modifications,
changes, and/or derivative works back to UCAR.  YOU CANNOT SELL THIS
SOFTWARE OR ANY DERIVATIVE WORKS THAT INCORPORATE OR UTILIZE OR ARE
CREATED FROM THE SOFTWARE.


3. Notices.  If you make copies of the Software, each copy must include
all copyright information and notices contained on the original. Such
notices shall be displayed on any documents, media, printouts, and
visualization or on any other electronic or tangible expressions
associated with, related to or derived from the Software or associated
documentation.

NOTICE: NCAR Spectral Toolkit is the sole and exclusive property of the
University Corporation for Atmospheric Research.  Copyright (2001)
University Corporation for Atmospheric Research.  All Rights Reserved.


4. Termination.  Your rights under this License will terminate
automatically without notice from UCAR if you fail to comply with any
term(s) of this License.   You may terminate this License at any time by
destroying the Software and any related documentation and any complete
or partial copies thereof.   Upon termination, all rights granted under
this License shall terminate. Provisions of this License that, by their
nature, contemplate continued effect after termination, shall survive
termination, including paragraphs 2, 6, 7, and 9.


5. Fees.  There is no license fee for the Software.


6. Proprietary Rights.  Title, ownership rights, and intellectual
property rights in the Software shall remain in UCAR.  You acknowledge
such ownership and intellectual property rights and will not take any
action to jeopardize, limit or interfere in any manner with UCAR'S
ownership of or rights with respect to the Software. The Software is
protected by patent, copyright and/or other intellectual property laws
and by international treaties.


7. Disclaimer of Warranty on Software. You expressly acknowledge and
agree that use of the Software is at your sole risk. The Software is
provided "AS IS" and without warranty of any kind and UCAR EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS
OF MERCHANTABILITY OR SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. UCAR DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE
SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE
SOFTWARE WILL BE CORRECTED. FURTHERMORE, UCAR DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE
ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE
SOFTWARE OR RELATED DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS,
ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM THAT
THE UNIFORM COMPUTER INFORMATION TRANSACTIONS ACT (UCITA) APPLIES TO OR
GOVERNS THIS AGREEMENT.  No oral or written information or advice given
by UCAR or a UCAR authorized representative shall create a warranty or
in any way increase the scope of this warranty. Should the Software
prove defective, you (and not UCAR or any UCAR representative) assume
the cost of all necessary correction.


8. Limitation of Liability. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE, SHALL UCAR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE.


9. Export Law Assurances. You agree that the Software will not be
exported outside the United States except as authorized by United States
law. You also agree that Software that is rightfully obtained outside of
the United States shall not be re-exported except as authorized by the
laws of the United States and of the jurisdiction in which the Software
was obtained.


10. No Support/Modifications. The Software is provided without any
support or maintenance, and without any obligation to provide you with
modifications, improvements, enhancements, or updates of the Software.


11. Controlling Law and Severability. This License shall be governed by
the laws of the United States and the State of Colorado. If for any
reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision, or portion
thereof, to be unenforceable, the remainder of this License shall
continue in full force and effect. This License shall not be governed by
the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods, the application of which is hereby expressly excluded.


12. Complete Agreement. This License constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the use of the Software and
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings regarding such
subject matter. No amendment to or modification of this License will be
binding unless in a writing and signed by UCAR.






